hi this is fresh talker let's discuss
the scientific way to remove eggs from a
carton there's a very common problem
when you have a carton of eggs people
will have as early remove the eggs from
different sides leaving a very unusual
distribution and it could end up wobbly
so we're going to come up with some
solutions the first solution is to
remove the eggs from the opposite
corners the result will be a balanced
weight distribution that's steady in the
center so we'll remove one egg from one
corner and then remove the egg from the
opposite corner switching side by side
at any point the center of gravity will
be in the center and the weight will be
balanced evenly from the center this is
very good if you want to grab the egg
carton from the center a second solution
is that you should remove the eggs only
from one side the reason is that when
you put an egg carton in the fridge you
typically will grab it just from one
side so if we remove the eggs from the
left side of the carton it'll actually
be very easy to grab the egg carton from
the right side all of the weight will be
concentrated on the right and you just
keep removing eggs from one side until
you're taking all the eggs out a third
solution is a balanced approach between
these two you might imagine people are
grabbing the egg carton from different
sides and you want to make sure it's
balanced and the way to spread out so
this solution will be a little more
complicated to execute at any stage when
we're removing the eggs the weight will
be distributed so the center of mass is
in the center of the carton but we will
also have a balanced weight
so you'll have to pay attention
carefully with how the eggs are removed
once we get to six eggs it's a very even
and neat distribution you can pick it
from any side then we're going to remove
eggs from the opposite sides here we
have four eggs it's a very symmetrical
view when we get down to three eggs
we're going to have to make an
adjustment we move two of the eggs in
so the carton is less wobbly and then we
move the final egg to the center I hope
you liked this video please subscribe to
my channel you can support me on patreon
catch me on my blog buying your
decisions on Twitter at pressure locker
and you can get my books